It's Wednesday.
It's the source code and good
And as you can tell I still
fixed my crappy mic problems
Second or my feedback problems
just a number of technical
I'm an Amsterdam right now and
on now. I have five wires
Hold on headphones and
cables
I'm at the Amsterdam house which
affectionately called the bunker
well, it's built like a bunker
I guess in fact these houses in
we have one on the canal on the
which is the emperors canal
When when they catch fire if
catch fire they never burn down
They burn out is what they say
they say in other words the
always remains just the shit on
inside will
leave these things are built
bunkers
And I had to stay in Amsterdam
of course have been away for two
been on vacation hadn't been
and we have
Patricia's cosmetics company
I always want to check up on
and my assistant Chris
She keeps her office here. So
out with the girls.
I just went through the latest
signing stuff, whatever.
And I had dinner with my banker,
is always fun.
If you're in good standing with
bank, that is Thardy is her
And if you're looking to invest
money in the Benelux, let me
Let me know, here you'll be more
happy to take care of that for
And all other private banking
needed.
That was nice. It was a great
It was about 70 degrees.
And it was just the city. It was
So nice warm summer evening.
food.
Nice wine.
Hanging out.
Talkable friends who drop by May
may not know Rodrigo Otazu.
He makes jewelry for great
Jennifer Aniston's Wornam.
Beyonce. J-Lo. Madonna.
and my wife. He lives in
I believe he's from Argentina
So anyway,
so I'm going to stay here this
which is kind of cool because it
me an extra
hour of sleep since Amsterdam is
closer to the studio than
So I don't have
to get up until, oh man, 430,
believe it. Oh, and there was
really nice
that I wanted to talk about.
maybe five or six weeks ago, a
of mine called
an acid. You could use the
house as a set for, there was
I don't
know if it was a new gadget show
a commercial or an infomercial.
not quite sure what
it was. So I said, yeah, no
And so they did the shoot. I
here. Crystal
was, of course, my assistant.
today she said, you know, these
they said that
they're going to pick this up,
they haven't picked it up. And I
it's been long
enough. You might as well just
this upstairs and go play with
And she clearly knows
me quite well. It is the
Pinnacle Systems Show Center.
And I don't know if you've ever
of this.
I haven't even looked at the
yet, but essentially it's a box
looks...
Well, it has about the
of a DVD player, really thin new
player.
Four lights on the front, that's
It's just one brush metal look
one with a power switch and
a power light.
A new media light, oh-ho.
And something in the middle that
not have a description, so I'm
quite sure what that does.
But essentially this box has a
card built in and it knows how
listen to a streaming server.
And we'll display that with a
menuing system on your
So this is really something that
interested in, well more for the
than technology.
Because technology is probably
and we'll find out about that as
get into it probably this
Just with the experience of
BitTorrent download
and
And then I guess the way this
is you can set it up.
So if you drop new content into
specified folder on a PC, which
course needs to be
connected to your home network
well, then this box will
it and the new media
light will flash and then you
get into the menuing system.
You can play the new content.
So this would be great for the
TV shows that I record and then
much better
interface.
Although I do have my doubts,
of all, I need a PC to make this
because it needs
to start up a database which
your content and a streaming
to send the
content from PC over the home
to the show center media player.
So okay, problem one is a PC.
I actually just loaded the
on my virtual PC on my Mac.
It appears to work, but I really
to go to bed pretty soon, so I
be able to
play with that tonight.
uh...
but I'll have to get a dedicated
setup for that.
So that's problem one.
And then of course, the
server business, you know, what
is it?
Is it media streaming?
Is it windows, media, windows,
streaming server?
Is it a proprietary streaming
That's all very unclear, but it
play.
Divx, exvid, MPEG 1 and 2 and
So that should work.
So I'm pretty excited about
I'm going to play without this
get it installed.
And I will certainly report back
that.
OK, let me slip the headphones
for a second because every
code
needs an inspirational moment of
day, which means we're going to
some tunes.
And I've got something selected
you from the voice.
Ella Fitzgerald.
Thanks for watching.
♪ I'm not a slave when you fall
But where? One day?
♪ And my life ♪
Not as he passed, but when but
you lose your shit.
Thanks for watching!
Oh
♪ No, I just be a girl ♪
But when you're not wondering...
Go guys, have a good one.
Good way. What's wrong? He
me.
But when I saw it, it was all
the world, same one you see.
Then run you thinkin'
♪ When you see me ♪
I don't care what you say.
She has one of the classic
Ella Fitzgerald on the source
for today.
And before I go, I just wanted
wrap up by mentioning the
that I've been
listening to, timeline by
Priton, the unabridged version,
I bought from
through audible.com.
Fabulous book.
Absolutely amazing.
I'm so enthralled in this thing.
And the audiobook version is
phenomenal.
Speaker is so good.
I've not mentioned it before.
It does the accent so well.
And the story is plausible, man.
I'm not into dragons and
and medieval times, et cetera.
And the story does take you
through quantum travel.
But wow, what an excellent book.
I totally recommend it.
And I was actually wondering
that.
What if I decided, well, I
like this book so much, I'm
to put it on an RSS
feed for distribution.
And here's the question.
Of course you won't be able
play it since it's an AAC file
AAC or AAC whatever Apple's DRM
is. So you won't be able
to play it but is there an
that if I give you that file I
you this audio file
that you can then purchase it
that be great if you fired it up
iTunes and iTunes
said oh I see you want to play
but it's registered to Adam
would you like to buy it
and just click yes and the
is done. Now that would make a
of sense. I wonder if
they've got it set up that way I
it. Food for thought at least
I'm going to end the source
code today with that thought.
much blogging time today so I'll
to catch up tomorrow
and look forward to it. So have
a great day, what's rest of it
a great evening or wherever
you are. Kindness yeah it's so
everywhere. I'll definitely be
tomorrow so take care
everybody and I'll see you.